<!DOCTYPE composition PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" 
                      "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:s="http://jboss.com/products/seam/taglib"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich"
                xmlns:jstl="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core"
                template="layout/template.xhtml">

	<ui:define name="body">
		<p>
			The registry is a database and web service holding metadata that describe the VAMDC resources. 
			By holding these metadata in a central point, we avoid the need to hard-code and maintain them in 
			multiple applications, thereby making the VAMDC facilities easier to sustain. 
		</p>
		<p>
			The registry database and web-service were deployed at MSSL using AstroGrid software in its standard form. 
			Resources have been registered as they become available. The legacy web-sites for VAMDC 
			partners that predate VAMDC are also registered. The generic TAP services are all registered, including 
			machine-readable details of their database schemata.
		</p>
		<p>
			VAMDC needs a portal for web access as well as a desktop 
			client. Probably the hardest part of the design of a such a portal is the interaction with the VAMDC 
			registry, details of that interaction are encapsulated in a software library.

			Welcome to a prototype web-portal. In the latest version, the portal hides details of the registry interaction, 
			and can also be used as a tool for developers making subsequent portals. The code from this 
			engineering portal can be packaged to form the registry-client library for use in other web applications. 
			
		</p>
		<!--  
		<s:link value="Browse the Registry" view="/registryViewer.xhtml" />   
		-->
	</ui:define> 
</ui:composition>
